I was interested in it, and once I was told
by a person, he was about two meters away from
me.
I saw him.
He was the one from New Siberia, and he was
the one who told me about it.
Yes, he was the one who told me about it.
Maybe I didn't like him.
Maybe he was the one who told me about it.
There was a task that I decided not to make
him standart.
I went to the party, he went to the party.
How did you like the performance?
How did you look at the exam?
Well, on the tradition of physics, the exam was held
in July.
The physics of mathematics, the good physics of mathematics.
Again, every day, for example.
I don't remember the time, but there were a lot
of things.
And then, at the end of the Russian exam, I
didn't remember the location of the exam.
I didn't remember the location of the exam, I didn't
remember the location of the exam.
Yes, it was very fast.
I didn't say that I was at the high level,
but I came.
Because later on, as we all went, there were all
kinds of computers.
And I entered the field of physics in general.
And from there, everyone could see how these computers were
present.
And they were sitting without me.
And they said, we will take this ourselves.
And I liked the group of low temperatures.
This is like a coffee cup.
But in physics, especially, what is it?
This is a hard day, eight o 'clock.
In fact, we are at 9 o 'clock.
We only have lunch and lunch.
It's around 1 .5 pm.
And from 5 o 'clock, we had five days to
wake up at 7 o 'clock.
So, you had a coffee in the first class?
No, the coffee cup was in the first class.
But it's the only thing I would do.
I would definitely fall into the group of this coffee
cup.
And in fact, they all studied in general.
In the first two years?
Yes, in the first two years.
Yes, in general.
And physics,
mathematics,
everything is correct.
And all this is the same basic education.
I'm telling you, the level is very good.
And even here in our university, I will also say
that we need...
We will now start discussing this specialization program of
physics engineer.
In physics, we write physics engineer.
But especially, all this is the same.
And then you start to orient yourself.
Where you move and so on.
After the third course, I think I moved into a
group of physics in high energy.
And I finished physics in high energy.
There was a very difficult group.
And then I jumped from there and I worked.
So, you worked five years in physics?
Six.
Six years?
Yes, why six?
Well, that's how it was done.
We studied in fact, we studied for two and a
half years.
In addition, we found physics.
After five meters, we started one day to go to
the base.
In physics, especially, what is it?
The main part of the teacher comes from research institutes.
They can come to one or two times a week,
not more.
And read lectures, try seminars and so on.
This is the peculiarity of physics.
And we have already started after one day to go
to physics problems.
There is a lot of room for physics and temperature.
And they were based there.
These were the students of physics.
And then we start to go for two days.
The physics itself is long -term.
For example, after a while, we were in Moscow.
Now it's Moscow.
And we went to Moscow.
Our institute, which was located in the city.
I .e.
an electrician.
You take it.
One time a week, two times a week.
Somewhere on the fifth of the course, we went for
four times a week.
And only one day we went to physics.
There were some special courses.
And what about the 6th floor?
You are on the basic institute.
And you are already preparing for the depot?
But it's not easy to get used to it.
We lived there, we slept there.
Yes, we got used to it.
That's why there was such a system.
I don't know, maybe it's changed now.
So you go to a specialist in physics.
Yes, and engineering physics.
And engineering physics.
What is the difference between physics?
Well,
it's a difference.
I don't know.
It's a bureaucratic system.
And engineering physics means that you have also a technical
one.
We don't just read physics and mathematics.
We read mathematics.
We even had research.
We have to go to engineering.
Yes.
And then there was a special course.
There could be a technical one.
There could be a special course.
There could be a radio -physical one.
There were a lot of engineering courses.
Then we had a long time.
That's why in the first two and a half years
it's a 4 -year -old working with 9 -8 years.
And we lived here for almost five days.
And it's a very tough language.
You've told them in English?
Yes, it's tough.
We've got the most important thing to do in the
first and second.
Why?
Because all of them were in English, right?
Well, we are not really sure about that.
But the subject went like every day in English, every
day.
And basically, I went to a corridor
in particular, and I...
I didn't know that.
In English?
Yes.
Interesting.
Yes, that's the whole system.
Now, you know, how can we do it?
You finish all of it, after 6 years, how long
were you planning to do it?
Well, it turned out that I was offered to the
Kurchatov Institute.
And the position, you know, was made at a very
high level.
Let's not tell you about the Kurchatov Institute.
This is a famous institute in the city.
And it's on the physics, right?
Well, it was a institute that created the Kurchatov Institute
at its time.
Well,
there, I think, I worked at the main square, about
10 ,000 people worked there.
And from them, probably, it was one or the third,
maybe it was more clean and clean.
And there were also 10 ,000 films, where it was
painted red, and there were films.
That is, it was...
In fact, it was...
It was located in the Kyabrytsk region, called Moscow.
Well, it was located in the Moscow itself.
A huge territory with the forest on the territory.
And it's all in Moscow.
You know, you...
You...
There, we...
When you go from your body to victory, you walk
through the forest, get up there,
full...
Kurchatov lived on this territory with one.
In other words, he had a house, it was called
the house of the river.
Now there are historical things.
Yes.
So, when they started doing this, they gave a group
of atomic themes, they immediately divided the huge territory, and
they decided to take it from here, and then they
left Kurchatov's territory.
And he...
He had a lot of profit.
I mean,
I...
I took a lot of physics and plasma, which didn't
have any direct contact with the reactor.
Then they gave it to everyone.
The first...
One of the first...
Biophysical institutions in the U .S.
And then, I didn't even think about it.
The genetics of our country, when the women were forbidden.
Kurchatov protected them.
He took them all.
When they...
They took them all.
That's why it was...
Well, everything in itself...
And physics itself.
And when I left Kazakhstan, I had one of the
second...
What do you eat?
Do you eat?
Do you write?
It's normal.
I started in 1905, but in fact, I returned to
Kazakhstan in 1909.
That is, 20 years passed in Moscow.
Yes, 25 years.
25 years of my life.
And he said, you don't know your life.
How do you know?
I'm...
You studied at the university,
at the university.
Yes.
What do you think?
Well, it's the same thing.
And then, after that, you went to the university.
You also went to your university.
You went to the university.
How do you know?
I eat there.
I remember that guy all the time.
I was really...
And after the fight, I was just...
And then after the fight in Kazakhstan, you were still
going to the fight.
Yes, I was going there.
That is, so...
What is your most interesting memory from 20 years of
my life in Moscow?
In all these 20 years, I got it.
Yes, yes, yes.
I didn't change it.
I really didn't change it.
I can't change it.
Well,
I don't know, of course,
as a bad parents, but I work for 11 pm.
That is, it's like this.
I work for a long time.
You work for a long time?
Yes, for a long time.
So, I came there
9 -30 am, and then to the very evening.
And, well, for me, I already had this habit.
Well, but, well, nevertheless, I felt like I was free,
although I was free.
Because when at the same time, we were going to
work for a long time, I was going to the
bike.
He said,
I won't be like this.
I think that it's...
I know how I work.
And my studies didn't go that well.
Well, of course, well, from the point of view, I
came up with such, on my card, he wrote, the
work is consistent.
Well,
I came to 9 -15 am, not in 9 -15
am.
Well, it's like...
From the point of view.
In the process of protest, you know, it happens.
And...
And he worked to get to know everything about him.
He was there for six years, and he didn't do
that at all.
Well, the fact is, your task was to conduct the
next experiments and write on the university.
Yes, yes.
We...
Well,
at that time,
we...
a little bit...
published, we went, we went, we went, we went, they
were closing their mind there.
Well, American was quite inevitable.
Because, as I was the insider, who I probably made,
and I did more so to speak, I was in
the black and white, which was written by my Grandpa,
that is, we read through a motionsil for columns, to
talk about 우리가,
sewing some kind of interpreters and so, and so on,
that's a really huge story.
That is, from that time, we practice aitte结wickri ch persecuted
with American teachers already done this, and do I realize
well, what time's, I think it's a common task.
And the conferences were also international.
They came to America and European countries.
And they came to us too.
And what do you remember about that?
Well, in the process, I remember that too.
When it happened in Chernobyl,
we don't have any relationship with it.
But...
It's been eight or six years.
It's been four or four years, right?
Yes, it's been eight or six years.
And at some point, they came to the Olympic Games
in the center.
They came to the Olympic Games in the center.
Let's think about it.
What can we do to make it the most possible?
We can do it.
And then we started to think about it.
Some people are very active.
I'm less active.
But then they brought me here too.
We started to develop.
There was a problem.
People to take care of themselves, of course, of maybe
them, because ordinary people loved them.
And there were no such things that could be the
way they were.
And we're working with physics and paper, there is critical
conditions,
and that's why we...
We learned a lot of things, including испытations,
ultraviolet, warry Indian, or all of this...
It's all a way out there, because we have very
high temperatures, with almost all of the times, This is
why we need technology, diagnostics, and design parameters.
It has become a quick idea that we can create
a camera with a large lens,
with a wide range of sound.
In such a way, we can localize the fifth one.
And, in fact, we were talking about one moment.
What was I talking about?